node: devicemgr: docs: Kubelet Device Manager graduation to GA (#37273)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/manage-gpus/scheduling-gpus.md

<!-- overview -->

{{< feature-state state="stable" for_k8s_version="v1.26" >}}

> Kubernetes includes **stable** support for managing GPUs
> (graphical processing units) across several nodes.

Reviewer: Optional extra tweak:
```suggestion
Kubernetes supports managing GPUs (graphical processing units) across
different nodes in your cluster, using
{{< glossary_tooltip text="device plugins" term_id="device-plugin" >}}.
```
(and then remove the later use of that glossary tooltip shortcode).

## Using device plugins

> Kubernetes implements device plugins to let Pods access specialized hardware features such as GPUs.

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason for this change?

Author: In the overview section above we provided a link to the device plugin page when it is referred for the first time so removed that from here.
